Added Samples for LoopbackConnection and Submodule Call (#51)
microsoft/sql-server-language-extensions: language-extensions/dotnet-core-CSharp/sample/LoopBackConnection/README.md

# Loopback Connection

>  This folder contains an implementation which will help in doing a loopback connection to SQL server. This will help in running any custom query against the SQL server through SQL Server Language Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to establish a loopback connection to SQL server. A loopback connection will allow your C# language extension to run any custom query against SQL Server.
```
